Spiderman is now Iron Man 2.0

This movie was straight garbage. I think that it probably was the worst superhero movie in the last 10 years. The only positives in the movie were some special effects and The Vulture character, who was the only one with a compelling story in this movie.

Now, before I get into the negatives, I want to point out that Spiderman is in my top 3 Marvel superheroes. So the fact that I hated this movie says a lot...

First of all Peter Parker is supposed to be 15 in this movie and in reality he looks like he is 11. How am I supposed to take a superhero seriously if he looks and acts like an 11 year old? Second mistake made by this movie is that they completely changed all characters in the Spidey universe. There is no Mary Jane here (except for that stupid MJ thing at the end which almost made me vomit), there is no Gwen Stacey, Flash Gordon is an Indian geek guy that for some reason Peter is so afraid of (he even backs out from him at at some point), Peter's best friend is absolutely worthless and is just a complete pain in the ass, we have almost no interest for Peter's love story cause the director fails to make us care, the battle scenes are average, almost every joke in the movie is juvenile and cringeworthy (I think I only laughed one or two times) and the most important thing of them all, Spiderman is made to look like he is worthless. That last thing is my biggest problem with this movie. They made Spiderman wear a high tech suit that talks to him and has all kinds of fancy gadgets and as a result they made him look like a less useful version of Iron Man. Tony designed his suit, his webs and essentially every other thing that this suit has. The only ability Spiderman has, is his ability to be able to climb walls since they also took away his spidey senses... So by that, anyone could have been Spiderman and that's just wrong since, for most people, Spiderman is Marvel's biggest hero and the movie COMPLETELY fails to showcase that. Highly disappointing film and I recommend to avoid watching it since it will be a waste of your time...