the two darkest hours I have spent in my life

The first hour of this movie, indeed, was the darkest hour, the second hour was slightly less so because it was closer to the ending. I have given it one star as they do not have a minus setting.

I could not believe anyone would present this garbage as an accurate portrayal of the man or the times. They have made Churchill look like an indecisive wimp and had him speaking in a manner that is not found in any historical footage of the great man. He came across as a repulsive bully who only stopped drinking when he went to sleep. Although he did self medicate his manic depression with alcohol he certainly did not drink to the level portrayed in this piece of trash. The inaccuracies of his efforts and of the times are far too numerous to list, I stopped counting after about the first ten minutes. The movie itself was disjointed, poorly made and reflected a lack of effort on the part of both the production team and the actors. How cheap did they want to make this movie, toy boats in a tub with a back drop of the white cliffs of dover, totally ridiculous. The scene of him on the underground station and on the train were beyond belief, neither he or the general population ever behaved like that, it may be movie material but it is definitely not historically accurate.

All the people involved in this movie would have needed to do was watch any of three movies, Churchill, Their Finest or Dunkirk; to have gained a much better grasp of the times, the people and indeed of Churchill himself and those close to him. If anyone involved in this movie had watched these other movies than made this tragic excuse for a film, than, I think they best find a new profession.

I really regret paying the price of admission for this and it certainly shows how little an oscar nomination is worth , if this pre school effort has received seven nominations. I cannot recommend this and wonder why they even bothered making it, just trying to ride on the coat tails of the british film industry again.