The best Spider-Man yet, my personal favorite Spidey good, decent, solid don't listen to the haters

Spider-Man: Homecoming is my favorite Spider-Man film of all the sixth films that come out. The movie was good, decent, entertaining, funny and well acted, exciting filled with action and pure badassery . Ignore the haters who are claiming ("that this movie Is only for kids and teens)" it is also for an adults. I am an adult 34 years old and I love this movie, so sue me if u think am immature liking this movie so much. Good direction from Jon Watts MILES way better movie than The Amazing Spider-Man those two movies that come out in 2012 and 2014 they both suck!!! I love this movie to death, I love it so much. I have enjoy it so much everyone from the cast didn't disappoint me it actually surprised me.

Tom Holland is excellent as Peter Parker/Spider-Man he does an excellent job as the ultimate superhero. Much better performance than Tobey Maguire or horrible STINKER Andrew Garfield. Robert Downey, Jr. is excellent as Tony Stark as always I love his charisma, wisdom and father/mentor figure to Peter Parker.

Marisa Tomei was excellent as May Parker much better than Sally Field or Rosemary Harris. We have the ultimate villain Michael Keaton as Adrian Toomes / Vulture . That's what I am talking about, Michael Keaton can play a good villain if he get's the right script. Playing a villain character in RoboCop (2014) remake just wasn't for him. It was lousy script and a real let down to original sci-fi action classic movie. This character was written on his skin and he proved that he can act.

Here are the reasons why I think this Spider-Man is decent, solid better than the last 5 films that come out: Spider-Man did not kill Gwen Stacey (Emma Stone) on the end of the film. He didn't had help from Captain Stacy (Denis Leary) stopping giant Lizard. He wasn't looking for revenge. He didn't had a blond chick for a girlfriend, he wasn't trying to sleep with her like Andrew Garfield did in The Amazing Spider-Man. He dumped Gwen at the end but in the sequel he get back with her and he wanted to have a future with her, babies and so on. I have no words but disgrace for The Amazing Spider-Man 1 and 2 they both suck so damn much! I like and love Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy, yes even the third one the bad one that everyone hate, at least Spider-Man 3 is MILES way better than both The Amazing-Spider-Man 1 and 2 films. Everyone hates Spider-Man 3 I love it.

Spider-Man in Homecoming stopped the Vulture by himself he had no help on. He helped old people and he talked to old people even old lady. He cared about stolen bike. He had remorse when Stark took his suit away and yes he know he screwed up. I love Tom Holland's character more he wasn't selfish. He did not stalk Mary Jane Watson like Tobey Maguire did, he didn't had such a beautiful blond chick for a model (Stupid) come on people. He helped people he saved a store clerk from explosion and a cat. He was nice, charming good guy. He saved his classmates from death in the Washington DC tower in the elevator he saved them. He stopped the weapon arsenal heist and return the stolen weapons back to the owner. That's what makes Tom Holland Spider-Man in to a true hero. I love, love this Tom Holland's character so much in this movie. This Spider-Man at least did not reveal his secret too Gwen Stacy that he is Spider-Man like Garfield did only to get that chick and putting his tongue in her mouth disgusting Garfield. I hate The Amazing Spider-Man 1 and 2 so much I hate them.

I love the song playing on the end of the film Blitzkrieg Bop by Ramones I love the song. We also have Jon Favreau and Gwyneth Paltrow in here from Iron Man movies, Zendaya, Jacon Batalon and Bokeem Woodbine. It is direct sequel and continuation to Captain America: Civil War where that film ended. Yes I love that movie so much. The film also has action in which Spider-Man stops bank robbers fights with Vulture's henchman. He lift a bricks on him self he was alone in this movie he had no back up he is a one man army against criminals.

Excellent solid decent Marvel film a 10 does not deserve a hate. This is my number 1 favorite Spider-Man film than are Sam Raimi's Spider-Man all three movies. I don't even care about the last 2 movies they don't exist.